Select component tutorial [WIP] (#181)
patternfly/training-scenarios: react-components/select/step7.md

> There a couple additional miscellaneous properties used to customize general visual aspects of the select component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a couple of additional miscellaneous properties used to customize general visual aspects of the select component.
```

> 1) **Add a new property to the select component called `width` and assign it to `"50%"`.** This property controls the overall width of the select toggle, using pixels or percentages.

Reviewer: new sentence should sit a line below the action step

```suggestion
1) **Add a new property to the select component called `width` and assign it to `"50%"`.** 

This property controls the overall width of the select toggle, using pixels or percentages.
```

<pre class="file" data-target="clipboard">
  width="50%"
</pre>

> 2) **Add a new property to the select component called `maxHeight` and assign it to `{100}`.** This property controls the maximum height of the expanded select menu, using pixels or percentages.

Reviewer: Same comment as above about spacing, and break out the step

<pre class="file" data-target="clipboard">
  maxHeight={100}
</pre>

> 3) **Add a new property to the select component called `noResultsFoundText` and assign it to `"Nothing found"`.** This property allows you to customize the text that appears when no results are found by the filtering function.

Reviewer: Same comment as above about spacing, and break out the step

<pre class="file" data-target="clipboard">
  noResultsFoundText="Nothing found"
</pre>

> 4) **Add a new property to the select component called `createText` and assign it to `"Create new option"`.** This property allows you to customize the text that appears when the `isCreateable` property is present.

Reviewer: Same comment as above about spacing, and break out the step

<pre class="file" data-target="clipboard">
  createText="Create new option"
</pre>

<strong>Note:</strong> The variable prefixes the input text, formatting the displayed text as follows: `{createText} "{input value}"`

> This is what your select component should look like:

Reviewer: Could be beneficial to add in here a screenshot of what it should look like, or even a sentence about how it should behave.

> There are a couple of additional miscellaneous properties used to customize general visual aspects of the select component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are additional miscellaneous properties that can be used to customize general visual aspects of the `select` component.
```

> 1) **Add a new property to the select component called `width` and assign it to `"50%"`.** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) **Add a `width` prop to the `select` component.** 

 Assign the `width` to `"50%"`.
```

This property controls the overall width of the select toggle, using pixels or percentages.

<pre class="file" data-target="clipboard">
width="50%"
</pre>

> 2) **Add a new property to the select component called `maxHeight` and assign it to `{100}`.** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2) **Add a `maxHeight` prop to the `select` component.**

Assign the `maxHeight` to `{100}`.
```

This property controls the maximum height of the expanded select menu, using pixels or percentages.

<pre class="file" data-target="clipboard">
maxHeight={100}
</pre>

> 3) **Add a new property to the select component called `noResultsFoundText` and assign it to `"Nothing found"`.** 

Reviewer: Make the same update as per the comment I left in step 2

This property allows you to customize the text that appears when no results are found by the filtering function.

<pre class="file" data-target="clipboard">
noResultsFoundText="Nothing found"
</pre>

> 4) **Add a new property to the select component called `createText` and assign it to `"Create new option"`.** 

Reviewer: Make the same update as per the comment I left in step 2

This property allows you to customize the text that appears when the `isCreateable` property is present.

<pre class="file" data-target="clipboard">
createText="Create new option"
</pre>

<strong>Note:</strong> The variable prefixes the input text, formatting the displayed text as follows: `{createText} "{input value}"`

> The component should look as below.

Reviewer: You can hide this in the solution step. (see building blocks)
Basically add a markdown file, called `step1-answer.md` and add it to the json: 
        "text": "step1-instructions.md",
        "answer": "step1-answer.md"
